README.md, before:

# RFID2
Code electric lock with RFID. You can open your electric lock
with any RFID card (compatible to reader and remembered). Or you
can enetr code on keyboard. Simple!

This project has special PROG key. If you press it shortly, then you can
add new card (press '\*', lean the card, press digit or alpabeet key to link it).
You can delete any card - press PROG shortly, enter '#', then linked key.
To change the code, press PROG shortly, then 'D' and 4 digits of code
(to change code length, change RFID2.ino, it is simple).
To forget all linked cards, press PROG shortly anf then '0'.

Feel free to write me issues and pullrequests!

## Sources

- Arduino (UNO, MINI, Micro, etc)
- Resistors (see scheme)
- RFID reader MFRC522
- keypad 4x4
- relay module
- electick lock ;)
- 12V power source, 2Amp (!important! 1A is too low)
- single key (or switch)
- buzzer (optional)
- 3-in-one LED (or 3 leds) (optional)
- esp8266 (very optional)

## Howto

Um... In short: just connect all parts to arduino properly.
Be carefull, RFID reader and esp8266 use 3.3V logic, while arduino uses 5V, so resistors are importatnt.

You can see pin headers on scheme. It is just to shorten the shceme. Actually you should connect
arduino D2..D9 to 8 pins on keypad. See the ino-file for details. You can fix connection in source code.

Notes are just for MY project, don't mind, just ignore them ;) I leave them to remember how all
are connected by cable (I connected arduino and keypad/buzzer/LED/RFID by long 20-wire cable).

In fritzing file I had done only electical scheme and bewadboard (very ugly, don't beat me).

## About esp8266

I've added it for the future. It is connected to serial console, so you can just connect it as shown
and with proper firmware on esp8266 you can send logs to remote server.

In plans (do not rely on me, they are looooong plans) is to add feature to open lock via command from serial (i.e. esp8266). And to add esp8266 firmware... If you add it, please, do pullrequest?

Commit message:

- New project - using rs485 (no hangs now!)

README.md, after:

# RFID3

Code electric lock with RFID. You can open your electric lock
with any RFID card (compatible to reader and remembered). Or you
can enter code on keyboard. Simple!

Also you can open and/or watch for door opening via MQTT (using wifi).

This project has special PROG key. If you press it shortly, then you can
add new card (press '\*', lean the card, press digit or alpabeet key to link it).
You can delete any card - press PROG shortly, enter '#', then linked key.
To change the code, press PROG shortly, then 'D' and 4 digits of code
(to change code length, change RFID2.ino, it is simple).
To forget all linked cards, press PROG shortly anf then '0'.

Feel free to write me issues and pullrequests!

## Sources

- DFRobot DFRuino pro mini 3.3V (or other pro mini)
- Wemos D1 (you can replace it with any arduino + wifi module, check the code then)
- Resistors (see scheme)
- RFID reader MFRC522
- keypad 4x4
- relay module
- 2x RS485 modules
- electick lock ;)
- 12V power source, 2Amp (!important! 1A is too low)
- single key (or switch)
- buzzer (optional)
- 3-in-one LED (or 3 leds) (optional)

## Howto

Um... In short: just connect all parts to arduino properly.
Be carefull, RFID reader and esp8266 use 3.3V logic, while arduino uses 5V, so resistors are importatnt.

You can see pin headers on scheme. It is just to shorten the shceme. Actually you should connect
arduino D2..D5 and A1..A4 to 8 pins on keypad. See the ino-file for details. You can fix connection in source code.

Here are two parts:
- Pult (DFRobot pro mini + RFID reader + keyboard + led/buzzer + rs485)
- Control module (WeMos + relay + switdh + rs485)

Control module should be inside room and connected with pult via rs485 wire.
